doc/qubes-video-companion.rst, before:

=====================
qubes-video-companion
=====================

NAME
====
qubes-video-companion - securely stream webcams and share screens across virtual machines

SYNOPSIS
========
| qubes-video-companion <video_source>

DESCRIPTION
===========
Qubes Video Companion is a tool for securely streaming webcams and sharing screens across virtual machines.

It accomplishes this by creating a uni-directional flow of raw video that is passed from one virtual machine to another through file descriptors thereby allowing both machines to be completely air-gapped with no networking stacks exposed. This design makes the side of the video sending virtual machine 100% immune to attack and only leaves a very small attack surface on the side of the video receiving virtual machine.

The project emphasizes correctness and security all the while also sporting superb performance by maintaining a small footprint of the available computational resources and low latency even at Full HD and greater resolutions at 30 or more frames per second.

OPTIONS
=======
video_source
    The video source to stream and receive video from. Either "webcam" or "screenshare".

AUTHORS
=======
| Elliot Killick <elliotkillick at zohomail dot eu>
| Demi Marie Obenour <demi at invisiblethingslab dot com>

Commit message:

Allow monitor choice
If more than one monitor is found on the target, an interactive dialog
will be prompted to the user to choose from, displaying monitor name
(port) and resolution and geometry for better identification. The
monitor can be enforced by the target by environment variable.

Fixes: https://github.com/QubesOS/qubes-issues/issues/9275

doc/qubes-video-companion.rst, after:

=====================
qubes-video-companion
=====================

NAME
====
qubes-video-companion - securely stream webcams and share screens across virtual machines

SYNOPSIS
========
| qubes-video-companion <video_source>

DESCRIPTION
===========
Qubes Video Companion is a tool for securely streaming webcams and sharing screens across virtual machines.

It accomplishes this by creating a uni-directional flow of raw video that is passed from one virtual machine to another through file descriptors thereby allowing both machines to be completely air-gapped with no networking stacks exposed. This design makes the side of the video sending virtual machine 100% immune to attack and only leaves a very small attack surface on the side of the video receiving virtual machine.

The project emphasizes correctness and security all the while also sporting superb performance by maintaining a small footprint of the available computational resources and low latency even at Full HD and greater resolutions at 30 or more frames per second.

OPTIONS
=======
resolution
    The video resolution to stream and receive video in. The format is [WIDTHxHEIGHTxFPS], meaning resolution is optional. If you set the environment variable "QVC_MONITOR" in the target, that monitor is going to be preferred and if not found, will fallback to the primary monitor. Example: "1920x1080x60"


video_source
    The video source to stream and receive video from. Either "webcam" or "screenshare".

AUTHORS
=======
| Elliot Killick <elliotkillick at zohomail dot eu>
| Demi Marie Obenour <demi at invisiblethingslab dot com>
